after a while in the time of wheat
harvest it happened that Samson visited
his wife with a young goat let me go
into my wife into her room but her
father would not permit him to go in I
really thought that you thoroughly hated
her therefore I gave her to your
companion is not a younger sister better
than she please take her instead this
time I shall be blameless regarding the
Philistines if I harmed them
then Samson went and caught 300 foxes
and he took torches turned the fox's
tail to tail and put a torch between
each pair of tails when he had set the
torches on fire he let the Foxes go into
the standing grain of the Philistines
and burned up both the shocks and the
standing grain as well as the vineyards
and olive groves then the Philistine
said Oh Samson the son-in-law of the Tim
night because he has taken his wife and
given her to his companion so the
Philistines came up and burned her and
her father with fire Samson said to them
since you would do a thing like this I
will surely take revenge on you and
after that I will cease so he had given
five with a great slow and he went down
and dwelt in the cleft of the rock of
eaten
now the Philistines went up in Campton
Judah and deployed themselves against
Lehi and the men of Judah said why have
you come up against us we have come up
to arrest Samson to do to him as he has
done to us then 3,000 men of Judah went
down to the cleft of the rock of eaten
and said to Samson do you not know that
the Philistines rule over us what is
this you have done to us as they did to
me so I have done to them we have come
down to arrest you that we may deliver
you into the hand of the Philistines
swear to me that you will not kill me
yourselves no but we will tie you
securely and deliver you into their hand
but we will surely not cute and they
found him with two new ropes and brought
him up from the rock when he came to
Lehigh the Philistines came shouting
against him then the Spirit of the Lord
came mightily upon him and the ropes
that were on his arms became like flax
that is burned with fire as his bones
broke loose from his hands he found a
fresh jawbone of a dog
reached out his hand and took it and
killed a thousand men with it
then Samson said with the jawbone of a
donkey heaps upon heaps with the jawbone
of a donkey I have slain a thousand men
and so it was when he had finished
speaking but he threw the jawbone from
his hand and called that place
Rama Leah
then he became very thirsty so he cried
out to the Lord and said you have given
this great deliverance by the hand of
your servant and now shall I die of
thirst and fall into the hand of the
uncircumcised so god split the hollow
place that is in lead and water came out
and he drank and his spirit returned and
he revived therefore he called its name
and hackery
which is in Lehi to this day and he
judged Israel twenty years in the days
of the Philistines
[Music]